DataFrames review (#69)
JuliaDataScience/JuliaDataScience: contents/dataframes_select.md

sco(s, process=without_caption_label)
```

To select everything _except_ one or more columns, use `Not` with either a single column:

```jl
s = """select(responses(), Not(:q5))"""
sco(s, process=without_caption_label)
```

Or, with multiple columns:

```jl
s = """select(responses(), Not([:q4, :q5]))"""
sco(s, process=without_caption_label)
```

> It's also fine to mixmatch columns that we want to preserve with columns that we do `Not` want to select:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's also fine to mix and match columns that we want to preserve with columns that we do `Not` want to select:
```
https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/mixmatch

Author: ok openned an issue #70 that covers both mix and match and use case

sco(s, process=without_caption_label)
```

> **_NOTE:_**
> As you might have observed there are several ways to select a column.
> These are known as [_column selectors_](https://bkamins.github.io/julialang/2021/02/06/colsel.html).
>

> > We can use:

Reviewer: Super nice!!

```

This isn't right, because an infant is younger than adults and adolescents.
The solution for this issue and any sort of categorical data is to use `CategoricalArrays.jl`:

```
using CategoricalArrays
```

with the `CategoricalArrays.jl` package, we can add levels that represents the ordering of our categorical variable to our data:

```jl
@sco process=string post=output_block fix_age_column(wrong_types())
```

> **_NOTE:_**
> Also note that we are passing the argument `ordered=true` which tells `CategoricalArrays.jl`'s `categorical` function that our categorical data is "ordered".

> > Without this any type of sorting or bigger/smaller comparissons would not be possible.

Reviewer: Great!
